Numeral Theory

## Abstract: ##

Numeral theory is a fascinating field that involves the characterization and manipulation of numbers, enabling them to have distinct identities and significance. In this paper, we explore the use of numeral theory in creating unique digital artifacts, called STAMPS, that can be transferred using Bitcoin transactions. A STAMP is defined as a Numeral, which is a combination of the Alpha Signet and a unique Numismatic Sequence. The Alpha Signet symbolizes the genesis of STAMPS, while the Numismatic Sequence can either represent a distinct signal or simply be random noise. The significance of a Numeral lies in its ability to immortalize a statement on the blockchain, persisting long after its creator and their progeny.


Introduction:

Numeral theory concerns itself with numbers, giving them individual identities and allowing them to be tracked, transferred, and imbued with meaning.

Numeral theory imbues tokens with numismatic value, allowing them to be collected and traded as curios.

Individual transaction outputs can be stamped, creating unique Bitcoin-native digital artifacts that can be held in Bitcoin wallets and transferred using Bitcoin transactions.

Stamps are as durable, immutable, secure, and decentralized as Bitcoin itself.

The Numeral Construct:

A Numeral is defined by the union of the Alpha Signet and a unique Numismatic Sequence.

Eg: A6969000000000000000

The Alpha Signet transliterated to “A” represents the very genesis of STAMPS, while the Numismatic Sequence can represent the very signal in the noise or simply be the noise itself like the persistent background radiation of our Universe.

In the case of the “Yin and Yang” symbol (STAMP #311), its form and shape is transliterated to “69” embedded in the Numeral asset’s name: A6969000000000000000

Another example of this is phenomenon is the “BOBO” asset (STAMP #29) transliterated to “8080” in the Numeral asset’s name: A808011111111111111

In Summation:

Numeral theory is still, very much, the frontier land as we learn more and more each day. Yet, we are often reminded of how little we actually know.

Minting a STAMP using Numeral theory means making a statement for posterity. It will outlive your grandchildren on the Blockchain.
